[Applause]
[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2018 spanish-language drama
film Roma so let's get started we will
do our best to make sure we do
submarines for all the 2019 Oscar Best
Picture nominees before the awards check
out the playlist above for more nominees
summaries the film opens in 1970 with a
maid named Cleo working alongside
another maid named Adela in Mexico City
in the household of Sofia her husband
Antonio Sofia's mother and their four
young children
Antonio eventually leaves his wife
telling the kids that he is going to
Quebec
Cleo ends up getting pregnant from her
boyfriend Fuhrman and after telling him
the news he disappears
Cleo tracks and down but Fuhrman
threatens her if she ever shows up again
the family goes to a friend's place for
New Year's for a fire breaks out
everyone helps to try to put out the
fire Cleo
and Sofia's mother go to shop for a crib
when a violent protest breaks out a man
is gunned down in front of Cleo and
another man points a gun at Cleo who
turns out to be Furman and then runs off
just then Cleo's water breaks it takes a
while to get to the hospital due to
traffic but unfortunately the baby girl
is stillborn the family later goes on a
beach vacation where Sophia reveals to
the children that their father is
leaving and their father is currently at
the house collecting his things at the
beach two of the children nearly drowned
but Cleo saves them on the beach Cleo
breaks down from the guilt for being
relieved that she doesn't have a child
because she didn't want to have the baby
at all they return home is the film ends
with Cleo telling Adela that she has so
much to tell her as a plane flies
overhead so that was the spoilers for
Roma if you have another film you'd like
to see me spoil please let me know in
the comments below
check out movie's spoiler alerts under
various forms of social media and
remember to Like and subscribe thanks
for watching
[Music]